Add tutorials for additional Minio Gateway modes (#5692)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/asset-store/08-04-gateway-oss-mode-set.md

---
title: Set Minio to the Alibaba OSS Gateway mode
type: Tutorials
---

> >**CAUTION:** Alibaba OSS Gateway Mode was only tested manually on Kyma 1.6. Currently, there is no automated pipeline for it in Kyma

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**CAUTION:** Alibaba OSS Gateway Mode was only tested manually on Kyma 1.6. Currently, there is no automated pipeline for it in Kyma.
```

> >**CAUTION:** Alibaba OSS Gateway Mode was tested only manually on Kyma 1.6. Currently, we don't have an automated pipeline like for other gateway modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**CAUTION:** Alibaba OSS Gateway Mode was only tested manually on Kyma 1.6. Currently, there is no automated pipeline for it in Kyma
```

By default, you install Kyma with the Asset Store in Minio stand-alone mode. This tutorial shows how to set Minio to the Alibaba Object Storage Service (OSS) Gateway mode using an [override](/root/kyma/#configuration-helm-overrides-for-kyma-installation).

## Prerequisites

- [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/)
- [Alibaba Cloud](https://alibabacloud.com) account

## Steps

You can set Minio to the Alibaba OSS Gateway mode both during and after Kyma installation. In both cases, you need to create and configure an access key for your Alibaba Cloud account, apply a Secret and a ConfigMap with an override onto a cluster or Minikube, and trigger the Kyma installation process. 

>**CAUTION:** Buckets created in Minio without using Bucket CRs are not recreated or migrated while switching to the Minio Gateway mode.

### Create an Alibaba Cloud access key

Create an Alibaba Cloud access key for a user. Follow these steps:

> 1. Access the [Resource Access Management console](https://ram.console.aliyun.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Access the [Resource Access Management console](https://ram.console.aliyun.com).
```

> 2. In the left navigation panel, choose **User**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the left navigation panel, select **User**.
```

3. Choose the user whose access keys you want to create.
4. Click **Create AccessKey** in the **User AccessKey** section.

> 5. Export the access key and secret key as an environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Export the access and secret keys as environment variables:
```

    ```bash
    export ALIBABA_ACCESS_KEY={your-access-ID}
    export ALIBABA_SECRET_KEY={your-secret-key}
    ```

### Configure Minio Gateway mode

> Export Alibaba OSS service endpoint (https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/31837.htm) as an environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Export an Alibaba OSS service [endpoint](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/31837.htm) as an environment variable:
```
